Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ When your day is long ♪
♪ And the night ♪
♪ The night is yours alone ♪
♪ When you’re sure
You’ve had enough ♪
♪ Of this life ♪
♪ Well. hang on ♪
♪ Don’t let yourself go ♪
♪ ’Cause everybody cries ♪
♪ And everybody hurts ♪
♪ Sometimes ♪
♪ Sometimes Everything
is wrong... ♪
And folks. if I’ve
learned one thing. it’s this:
You can’t let your
disability hold you back.
You got to wear it
like a badge of honor.
You got to go out there
and you gotta say.
"World. this is me. This is
who I am in all my glory.
and I’m here to win."
♪ Don’t let yourself go ♪
♪ ’Cause everybody cries ♪
♪ And everybody hurts ♪
♪ Sometimes ♪
♪ Sometimes
Everything is wrong ♪
Here at San
Diego Trust Credit Union.
we don’t have customers
or clients. We have members.
Family members.
And that’s...
exciting!
Yeah. big time. Yes! Yeah.
And there’s nothing
more exciting than
Christmas bonus day.
Our busiest day of the year.
The day hard-working
union members
get to turn their
labor into holiday joy.
Because tomorrow.
we put the "trust"
in San Diego Trust.
And that’s it. All
right. that’s it.
Nice. Powerful.
Yeah. great job. Good stuff.
Right. back to
work. Back to work.
Right.
And what about the store?
Are you. are you getting by?
Had to let Terrance go.
But I still open every day.
Not sure what else
to do with myself
now that Betty’s gone.
Earl. I’m...
I’m really sorry.
but if you can’t pay.
we’re gonna have to foreclose.
I understand.
Okay.
What I can do
is I can hold on to this
paperwork until after the holiday.
That should buy you enough time
for Betty’s Social Security
and retirement to clear probate.
Now. I can’t promise that
it’ll save the store. but...
that should keep
you in your house.
I appreciate that.
Let me walk you out. okay?
I’m so sorry again. Earl.
I mean. I can’t even imagine
what it’s like to lose someone
after 50 years of marriage.
Time don’t matter.
Would’ve hurt just as bad if
I lost her the day we met.
She brought the
sunshine in my life.
Know what I mean?
Yeah.
Totally.
Hey. Nate? Oh.
Hi! Hey. what’s up? Oh.
my God! I’m so sorry.
Oh. no. That’s fine. Jesus!
I can take care of that.
Holy shit. I’m sorry.
No. really. you don’t have to.
I’m actually really good
at getting stains out.
You actually don’t have to.
I’m good. I’ll take care of it.
I promise. Everything’s...
Do not worry.
I. uh...
Uh. I...
I go... I have to.
uh. go.
Sorry. Oh.
Real smooth. idiot.
Yeah. come in. Hey.
Sherry! Hey! Hi.
Hi. Um...
Am I just so very
fired?
I know I’ve only worked
here for four months.
but I really feel like I
have a lot to contribute.
No. no. you’re not fired. You’re
definitely not fired. Are you sure?
Yeah. I feel like I at
least owe you a new shirt.
Oh. this shirt? No.
No. no. no. This is...
It’s the worst shirt I have.
Okay. Well. maybe I
could take you to lunch?
Uh. yeah.
Uh. no. actually.
Sorry. I brought mine
today. so I’m okay.
Okay. Yeah. No pressure.
Okay. But if you change
your mind. let me know.
Bye.
Hey. uh...
You know what?
I’m in. Okay.
Cool. Leave in ten?
Yeah! Sounds good.
Looking forward to it!
Don’t say that so loud.
Oh.
Welcome back. honey.
I see you’ve brought
a friend this time.
Yeah. this is Nate.
Hey there. Nate.
What can I get you?
Oh. you know. just a milkshake.
please. Vanilla milkshake.
You don’t want any food? They
have really good sandwiches.
Really good sandwiches? Uh...
Nah. I’m good.
Okay. Um... Then I’ll have...
Oh! Please tell me you’re
not out of the cherry pie.
It’s your lucky day.
Got one left. Oh. yes!
So...
what’s your deal?
Uh...
My deal? Yeah.
You’re just always. like.
I don’t know. in your office
and you never come out
to the happy hours.
I don’t really know.
You know? I’m. um...
I guess I’m just not really
a... very social person.
Okay.Yeah.
Do you have a girlfriend?
No. No. I don’t. Um. not...
Not right now.
Are you on the
apps? No! God. no.
Why not? Really?
You’d do great.
I could take a profile
picture of you right now.
The reindeer tie would slay.
Oh. okay. All right.
Thank you very much.
Enjoy. Holler if
you need anything.
Thank you.
Mmm! Mm-hmm.
Oh. my God! This
is so good. Cool.
Do you want some?
Oh. no. I’m okay.
You should have a bite.
I’m good. No. I’m...
Really. Sherry. I’m
fine. Take a little bite.
It’s so good. I can’t.
I can’t! I can’t.
I’m sorry. I just
can’t have any pie.
What do you mean. you can’t?
Uh...
Okay. um...
I have a genetic disorder.
Oh.
Okay.
Go on. Oh.
Yeah. um...
It’s called CIPA.
Congenital Insensitivity
to Pain with Anhidrosis.
Um...
It affects my nervous system.
And it. uh...
basically makes it
so I can’t feel pain.
Um...
Or hot or cold.
And that’s why I
can’t have the pie.
Or any solid food.
really. because...
unknowingly I could...
bite my tongue off.
Oh. the coffee earlier.
Yeah. I couldn’t
feel that at all.
Holy shit! Yeah.
You’re a superhero.
Yeah. sure. Yeah.
I have the power
to step on a nail.
and not know until my
shoe fills up with. uh...
blood.
Right. Didn’t think about that.
True story. by the way. We were
at the aquarium. my mom fainted.
Jesus.Yeah.
My parents. they. um...
They basically spent my entire
childhood at the hospital.
And then when they found out
that the average life expectancy
for my condition was. um. 25.
they sort of locked me up.
I’m sorry.
No. hey. I’m. you know. I’m...
I’m still kicking.
Okay. I mean. I
hear all that...
but does that really
mean that you can’t have
just a little bite of this pie?
No. Can’t. I mean...
Like I said. I could
bite my tongue off.
You’re not gonna bite
your tongue off. Nate.
This is the best cherry pie
on the west coast. okay?
I swear to God.
Listen. If anything goes
wrong. I’m right here.
Okay.
Okay?
Here we go. Taking
a bite. Yep.
Open your mouth.
Okay.
Remember. chew softly. Yep.
Uh-huh. Let the magic happen.
Uh-huh.
My God. that is
so good!
That is so good. Oh. my God!
Oh. my God! Wha...
Yeah. I told you.
What?
This is pie? This
is pie. Yeah!
Pie’s good.
Congratulations.
Whoa!
What are you doing
later tonight?
Look. she invited
me out to this art show.
I’m
just not gonna go.
I think I’m just gonna stay here
and we’ll play. and it’ll be fine.
You’ve been talking
about this girl for months.
You’re basically
in love with her.
If I were you. I’d be
all over that shit!
But I’m not like you.
I’m not cool. I
don’t drive a Harley.
I’m not this hunky
guy with a man bun.
Again.
it’s a short pony.
But dude. that stuff is not
why I do well with women.
Does it help? Of course it
does. I’m not gonna lie.
But confidence is king!
I feel like I’m gonna
mess it up somehow.
What’s the
worst that can happen?
You wind up alone in your
living room playing video games?
You’re already there. my guy!
What do you have to lose?
Nate. you’re gonna die. What?
Oh. shit. Sorry. Um...
Ah. okay.
No. no. no. that was
actually really impressive.
I’m sorry. my head’s
not in this right now.
Can I call you back
a little later?
Oh. sure. yeah.
I’ll just go fuck myself.
Okay. thanks.
Boo! Hey! Hi.
Hey. You came.
you’re here. Yeah!
No. of course. You know.
my schedule cleared up
and. uh. yeah. Cool. Well.
I’m glad you’re here.
Yeah. of course.
What do you think?
These are yours? Mm-hmm.
These are awesome.
Oh. thank you.
Who are they?
Um. they’re from
my therapy group.
Some cutters. some suicidal.
Everyone’s kind of
recovering in their own way.
Jesus. you run a
therapy group. too? Huh.
Oh. No.
no. no. I attend it.
Oh. Oh.
Damn. I’m so... I’m sorry.
No. no. no. Don’t
apologize. I did not mean...
You’re okay. it’s fine. Okay.
I’m not ashamed of it. Okay.
Oh. wait. you have
a... Oh. God!
I sold one. Yeah.
Why are you so surprised?
Come on.
Oh. yeah.
Um... So. where’d you grow up?
Well. I grew up in Tucson.
And Cedar City.
And Sacramento.
Hmm.
I was in foster
care. Okay. yeah.
So I just kind of bounced
around until I was twelve
and then I got adopted.
And I had. you know. uh.
my own room and a big
brother and parents.
And it was all very exciting.
That’s amazing! Do you
still see them a lot?
Not really. no.
Um...
It wasn’t exactly
a loving household.
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. So. I. uh...
left when I was eighteen.
and I’ve been on
my own ever since.
Man. that is tough. I’m sorry.
It’s fine.
You know.
if you don’t have
anybody you care about.
it’s harder to get hurt. right?
Novocaine?
Holy shit.
It is you!
I mean... This
is fucking wild.
I...
I thought
you’d be dead by now.
Yeah. well...
I’m not. Yeah!
Good for you. bro.
Just like old times. huh?
It’s fucking Novocaine!
And he’s not fucking dead!
So who was that?
Oh. Uh. that was. um...
some asshole that I went
to middle school with.
And what did he
call you? Novocaine?
Yeah. uh. it was...
It was just some dumb
nickname they gave me.
You know. once the other kids
found out about my condition.
they basically started kicking
my ass pretty much daily.
figuring it didn’t
matter. you know.
because I couldn’t
feel any of it. so...
I’m sorry.
Yeah. But...
I got to say. as far
as nicknames go...
"Novocaine"?
Kind of badass. No.
Really? Yeah! Yeah.
Okay. well. thank you.
but they didn’t think so.
It-it... It was
fine.
S-Sorry. Um. excuse me for
one second. I’m just gonna...
Hey!
Yeah?
What is the deal with the alarm?
Yeah. um...
I got to set one of
these every three hours
or else my bladder
might explode.
Other kids had a blast with
that one. too. Trust me.
You’re so funny. Yeah.
I like to think I am.
World-traveling
kinda guy. Hey.
Glad you two are getting along.
We really are. He’s hilarious.
You know what?
I think you two just need
to let bygones be bygones.
What do you say?
What do you mean? Shots! Duh!
Come on. My treat.
Yeah. sure. why not?
Nice. Okay. great.
Hey. and. uh. no
hard feelings. right?
Yeah. sure.
"Feelings." Get it?
That’s so clever.
This fucking guy.
There you go.
Thank you.
Here you go.
What the fuck was that?
Yeah. what is that?
Leapin’ Larry’s Five
Alarm Ghost Pepper Sauce.
Do you like it?
Yeah. it’s Novocaine’s favorite.
Hey. should we. um.
head back to your place?
You can put those on his tab.
No! Done.
That was amazing. That was...
You’re a very good
actor. Oh. thank you.
Oh. my God. That’s
got to be killing him
thinking that I’m
taking you home.
But you are.
Wait. what?
Have you really read
all these books?
I don’t get out much.
Really? You’ve
even read the...
Mayo Clinic A-to-Z Health Guide?
When you can. um. impale
yourself without realizing it.
uh. you know.
first aid knowledge
comes in pretty handy.
Touché.
You’re a real Renaissance
man. Nathan Caine.
I never would’ve guessed.
Hi. Hello.
What else are you hiding?
Sorry.No.
No. I’m sorry. Uh...
It’s okay.
You sure? Yeah.
Is there more?
There’s a bit more. yeah.
Whoa.
Nate. what the...
What the fuck? Who are you?
These are amazing. Where
did you get them done?
Uh...
I did them myself.
No. did you really?
Yeah. How long
did that take you?
Um...
Well. it started when
I was a teenager and...
as I got better at it.
I kind of got more sucked
into it. and it was. uh...
It was just like. um.
this secret world.
This...
This other life that.
you know. was
actually an adventure.
It’s a story. isn’t it?
Yeah. Yeah. you could...
You could call it that. yeah.
How does it end?
I don’t know. Um...
I’m still figuring that out.
So. I have a question.
If you can’t feel pain.
does that also mean
that you can’t feel...
pleasure?
I mean. uh...
I think I can.
Can you feel this?
I feel a little bit of pressure.
Okay.
How about this?
Definitely feeling something.
You’re...
gorgeous.
It’s not just you. Nate.
Everybody is hiding something.
I think we’re all just...
looking for someone
we can show it to.
Yes!
Sorry!
"Hey. Sherry. so last
night was life-changing."
No. no. no. Way too big. Uh...
"Last night was really great."
Uh...
"Last night was...
amazing."
Ho. ho. ho!
Ah. gentlemen.
Love the outfits.
How can I help you?
We’re here to make a withdrawal.
Get down on the fucking ground!
Get down! Get down!
Get on the fucking
ground!
- Take the back!
- Get on the ground!
Get down! All right. everyone.
Do exactly as we say
and you’ll all live to
open up your presents.
Phones on the ground
in front of you!
Hands behind your heads!
Mr. Manager...
...you’re up.
Alarm’s tripped!
Three minutes!
Open the vault.
I won’t be able to
open it in time.
2:45.
Open the vault or
I will kill you.
No. I won’t do it.
He won’t do it.
Man called my bluff.
I...
asked you...
very nicely!
Captain Kringle? Huh?
Your beard.
Sorry. buddy.
You saw my face.
Assistant manager!
Your turn!
Two minutes.
Combination!
Say the fucking combination!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
1:30.
Hey. Hey. Hmm.
Look at me.
Say the fucking numbers.
Wha... What?
No. no. no!
Don’t.
Huh.
Okay. Have it your way.
Wait. hey. hey.
Wait! Wait! Wait! No!
Don’t! Stop. stop. stop!
Okay.
here’s the deal.
Open the vault or I
open her brain pan.
Okay. okay.
Three. two. one.
Okay! I’m telling you!
I’m telling you! Stop
it! I’m telling you!
01-32-26.
Was that so hard?
Come on.
come on. come on.
Holy shit.
Merry Christmas. motherfucker.
Come to me. baby.
Cops are here early!
Go. Let’s move it!
Take the bag! He’s
got the other.
Let’s move!
Grab a
fucking hostage.
Sorry. sweetheart.
Come on.
Here we go. Don’t
fucking look at me!
Merry Christmas.
All right. three.
two. one. Move!
Guns on the ground!
Okay! Okay.
Just take it easy.
Nobody
needs to get hurt.
Go.
Hurry up. asshole! Let’s go!
Sherry.
Help me.
Damn it.
All right.
Hey. hey.
You’re gonna be okay.
All right?
Just keep pressure on it.
32 and
34. backup eight minutes out.
Eight minutes?
Don’t.
I’m sorry. I’m sorry.
I will bring it back. Come on!
Oh. my God. what am I doing?
Hey. you good?
Good?
I’m better than good.
We’re rich. motherfuckers!
It’s not about the money.
What is important
is that we had fun.
Aw. fuck. I’m going fast.
Guys?
We’ve got company.
These fucking cops!
Oh. fuck!
Okay. Okay. You’re okay.
You’re okay. you’re okay.
Fuck. he’s still coming!
What’s your fucking
call. genius?
Split up. Meet
back at the shop.
Get on the highway.
No. no. no.
Ain’t getting on the
highway. Get on the highway.
I want to stay
there. He needs us.
Do it! He’s...
Come on. Which one. Sherry?
Please be the one.
Shit! Jesus!
Oh. shit!
What the fuck?
Hey. are you okay?
Sorry. No. I’m sorry.
Where you going?
Out of the way!
Fuck off!
Oh. hey. hey. Hey. look.
Look. I don’t want any trouble. I
just want to know where Sherry is.
Wait.
You’re not a cop?
Uh. no. but...
Come on. man.
Just tell me where she is.
I’ll
let you go. Okay?
You ever fired a gun before?
Do you. uh... even know
where the safety is? Hmm?
Mm-hmm.
Hey. wait!
Hey. man.
I don’t want to fight. okay?
I’m not that guy. I just want...
Get the fuck out
of my way. Move!
You’re fucking
dead. you know that?
Just tell me. Please.
Motherfuck...
Okay. so those are
definitely third degree.
so you’re gonna want to
run it under some cool...
I’m not done with you.
Okay. wait. hold
on. Come here.
Look. I still feel like we can
both get what we want here.
Oh. you’re
strong!
Ooh. I am so sorry.
Hey. last chance.
Tell me where
she is. Eat shit.
Okay. okay. Uh...
Come here!
You don’t have. like.
a gluten thing. do you?
Hey.
Hey. man. you okay?
Oh. shit. Okay. okay.
You had to do it.
Think about Sherry.
"At work."
At work.
Um...
Hey. what?
Okay. okay.
All right.
I’m sorry.
so Sherry was kidnapped
and you killed a
guy in a kitchen?
Roscoe. just listen
to me very carefully.
I don’t have a lot of...
Oh. my God. I got shot.
What. you
got shot? Just listen.
I just texted you a
photo of a tattoo.
I need you to call around
to every parlor in San Diego
and try to find out
who did the art.
What am I.
your fucking secretary?
I’m not doing shit!
Roscoe. I wouldn’t ask if
I had any other choice.
I mean. we’re a team. right?
Yes. a
video game team.
We’ve never even met in person.
And now you’re involving
me in a real-life murder?
Why don’t you just
call the police?
You know. I technically
stole a cop car.
Then there’s the whole thing
about the guy that I killed.
Fine. Jesus.
I’ll get you the address.
but that’s it. okay?
Okay. thank you!
Thank you. bye.
Details are
still trickling in.
but we have confirmed reports
of multiple fatalities.
Citizens are advised to report
any suspicious
activity in their area
but to not engage with
possible suspects.
Shit. Bad
week to quit drinking.
You quit drinking?
No. no. I just
mean it would be.
Detective! Yeah.
what do you got?
There’s three officers down.
One in the ICU.
Bank manager DOA inside.
Three gunmen. two cars.
They took a hostage with them.
And one additional
suspect at large.
Additional suspect?
Yeah. the assistant manager.
He stole a cruiser and
followed the gunmen.
Witnesses say it’s the same
guy who opened the vault.
Could be a double-cross.
Do we have units in pursuit?
No. these were the
only ones in the area.
Calls went out to
the Fifth and Sixth.
but they’re spread thin
’cause of the holidays.
Okay. thank you.
Officer. Thank you.
We need to get a file on that
assistant manager. quick.
Today was supposed
to be an easy one.
I’m going.Thanks.
I’m going.
Coming through.
newsies! Out of my way!
Come on.
Closed for lunch!
Come back later!
Hmm.
Hey! It’s me! Nate!
What
in the Sam Hill?
From the bank.
Could you let me in?
Hi.
You sure you don’t want me to
just call you an ambulance?
Uh. no. I told you.
There’s no time.
All right.
Sweet Jesus!
Here we go.
Earl. you okay? Me?
Oh. yeah. just...
This was not what
I expected today.
Hey. if it’s any
consolation. me neither.
All right.
If I can find it.
Huh. Is that it?
Hey! There we go. Ah!
All right.
Just some of this.
Just a little bit.
Okay.
Here we go.
Yeah. There we go. see?
Good as new.
Oh. whoa. Um...
Earl. was there...
There’s an
EpiPen in there. right?
You mind handing that to me?
What? You allergic
to something?
Um. thank you. no. uh...
epinephrine’s just another
form of adrenaline.
It should. uh. keep
me from passing out.
Yeah. that did it.
Okay.
Yeah. all right. Hey. Earl.
Thank you so much.
Sorry. this was...
a lot.
You go get that girl. Nate.
Oh. hey. um...
Almost forgot. This should help
with the mortgage for a while.
Betty always said
you were a good kid.
Oh! Sorry.
All right. uh.
I’ll see you later.
You know. if I...
If I don’t. uh. die.
You might want to
launder that. by the way.
Ah.
One
of our bank robbers?
God. I hope so.
Be a shame if it
was the real Santa.
Kitchen staff said a crazy
guy in a tie did all this.
I’m thinking that’s
our assistant manager.
Oh. speaking of...
Got a bit of a profile on him.
Uh. Nathan Caine.
Single. Male. Thirty.
No record. No affiliations.
Zero traffic tickets.
An online gamer tag
of "Magicnateball."
Oh. that’s good. Uh...
Worked at San Diego
Trust for six years.
That just doesn’t sound like
a stone-cold killer to me.
And yet...
Yeah.
Do you have a cell
phone number for him?
Guy just robbed a
bank. killed a guy.
Do you really think he’s just
picking up his cell phone?
This is Nate speaking.
Hi. Nate.
Uh. this is Detective
Barbara Mincy
of the San Diego Police.
How you doing?
I’ve... I’ve been better.
Did you catch the others?
Is Sherry. the
hostage. is she safe?
Yeah. well. you know.
we’re working on that.
But whatever it is you’re doing
isn’t making our job easier.
So if you could turn yourself
and the cash in right now...
Whoa. wait. wait. sorry. Um...
Holy shit. You think
I’m in on this.
No. no. Nate. uh. we’re
just following the facts here.
Look. hey. I don’t give a shit about
the money. I just want to save Sherry.
Mm-hmm. Well. that’s our job
to worry about. not yours.
Yeah. well. I heard that
75% of hostages who die
are killed in the first
three hours. so...
Unless you’re calling me
to tell me you found her.
I’m not gonna stop.
This Sherry...
She. uh. she your girlfriend?
Yeah. I mean. you know.
we haven’t necessarily
put a label on anything
yet. but the...
Stop it. all right? I know
what you’re trying to do.
You don’t give a shit about us.
No. Nate. that’s not true.
We just want everyone
to get home safe. okay?
I understand you care
about her. but...
Do you?
Do you know what it’s like to wait
your whole life to meet someone?
Someone who changes
everything? Who...
finally gives your life meaning?
Yeah. Yeah. I do.
My daughter.
And if your daughter
was kidnapped.
would you wait around for
someone else to save her?
Or would you do it yourself?
All right. Nate.
Have it your way.
Got a trace on his cell.
Hey. you good?
Yeah. Let’s move.
11898. I
show your dispatch and send 29C-47.
This is a total
fucking shit show. man.
Look. there’s nothing on the
scanner about your brother.
That means he probably
lost the tail.
Then why the fuck ain’t he here?
I don’t know!
Okay? I don’t know. I’m sorry.
I don’t know everything.
Maybe he had to switch vehicles.
Maybe he stopped off
to get some ice cream.
The point is. your
fucking whining about it
isn’t gonna make him
show up any faster.
Watch how you’re talking to me.
You may be running
point on this.
but you’re not my fucking boss.
Hmm.
Andre...
I need you to switch
up the vibe right now.
Because you’re bumming me out.
Come on.
Ben is gonna be
back in 15 minutes
and everything is gonna be fine.
Just keep saying it.
"Everything is gonna be fine."
Yeah. fucking right.
No more silent treatment. huh?
Hey.
I’m sorry I hit you. okay?
Do you. um...
Do you want to hit me?
Make it even?
Fuck you.
Wow.
I do not like that tone.
I don’t like it.
But I got just the thing
to fix that attitude.
Oh. come on!
You love cola gummies.
Stop it. Simon!
Stop.
What is this?
Who is this little tantrum for?
We’re alone now.
You can feel free to break
character whenever you’d like. sis.
It’s just that you promised
nobody would get hurt. okay?
You fucking promised.
It’s the heat of battle. Sher.
Shit happens. The
heat of battle?
You did not have to kill Nigel!
Nigel? Who is Nigel?
The bank manager.
He was
a nice fucking guy.
He was a Nigel too. wasn’t he?
Nigel.
Sher.
I hate to break this to you.
but if you were able to get that
vault code out of lover boy.
everyone would be alive
right now. including Nigel.
Oh. my God. Hmm.
It’s not like he had
it framed on his wall.
Sounds a whole lot
like an excuse.
You know how I
feel about excuses.
Don’t you?
You’re so fucking impossible.
What’s done is done. Okay?
Let’s just stay
focused on the plan.
and we can hash
all this out later
over some piña
coladas in Mexico.
Those are disgusting.
by the way.
Ugh! Gets
in your teeth.
Yeah? Hello. ma’am.
Um. is Zeno here?
I just need to talk
with him for a second.
Sorry. customers only.
You know what? That’s
actually why I’m here.
Um. I’m just looking
to get some work done.
Looks like you’ve already
had some work done today.
Sorry?
Oh! My appearance.
Uh. well.
you should see the other guy.
Thank you.
Oh.
Thought that was a
real guy for a second.
Wait here. Thank you.
You. What’s good?
I’m good. I’m...
Everything’s good. Um...
Uh. I was just looking
to get a tattoo.
Fuck. What’s happening
with your hand?
Oh!
Psoriasis.
It’s really. really
flared up on me today.
Yeah. all right.
So where we working?
Uh. yeah. just. um...
right here.
Damn. I like your
tats. That’s good shit.
Oh. Wow. thank you so much.
I. uh. I like yours. too.
So. uh. what you want?
Well. I have a
buddy of mine. um.
and he got this awesome tattoo.
I want the exact same one.
I think he said
that he got it here?
No shit.
You know Ben? Ben!
Yeah.Ben.
So. um. did you
guys serve together?
Yeah. we did.
Serve together.
Honorably. Hmm.
Rock on. brother.
Hey. um. speaking of Ben.
is he still working
at the same place?
I don’t know. Ben
doesn’t talk about work.
Classic Ben. Hates work.
Hates it.
Um...
Funny story about Ben.
Um. you know his
last name. right?
Yeah.
Okay.
How would you think
it’s pronounced?
Seriously. you’re gonna...
you’re gonna love this.
Just... just say his last name.
Why don’t you say it?
Ah. you know. never mind.
It’s fine. It’s
not that funny.
Because. you know. if
you tell a bad joke.
you have to explain
it. it’s not good.
Yeah. give me a sec.
Mm-hmm. Yeah. Take your time.
You know.
I’m thinking that maybe
you don’t know Ben.
Yo. what the fuck is this?
I’m not gonna hurt you. okay?
Just put down the knife.
Tell me everything you know
about Ben and I’m gone.
Whoa!
Shit! Oh. no!
I’ll give you
another one for free.
Let me show
you how it’s done.
Shit. Fuck. Oh...
Fuck! Ow! Shit.
You little shit!
Fuck you. man.
Enough of this shit.
What the fuck are you doing?
Oh!
Fuck!
Shit! Fuck! My eyes!
Oh. fuck!
I can’t see! Okay.
All right. man.
What the
fuck? What’s his name?
Fuck you and the horse
you rode in on. man.
Okay. Look. look.
Please. Please don’t
make me do this.
Fucking eat shit. man.
Okay. Okay. this is
gonna suck. Are you sure?
Oh. fuck off!
Okay. Here we go.
Fuck!
Hey. hey. just give me his name.
Just give me his
name.
Oh. Jesus!
Fuck. it’s Clark! It’s
Clark! Okay. Okay.
Clark. Ben. Ben Clark.
There we go. Was that so hard?
Listen. I’ve given
you what you want.
Now
just fucking go.
Just one second. One second.
Oh. shit.
Hey there. Chad. it’s Nate
over at San Diego Trust.
Glad I caught you
before the holiday.
Yeah. listen. I was hoping you
could run a quick credit check
on a new client whose
file’s incomplete.
His name is Ben
Clark.
He did serve in the military.
Does that narrow it down?
Yeah. Yeah. V.A.
loans. That’s him.
Um. you don’t have any
employment on record. do you?
How about a
last-known residence?
Yeah. um. yeah. hold
on one second. Um...
Okay. shoot.
Okay.
402...
North Tower Lane.
All right. Chad. thank
you so much. man.
You’re the best.
Oh.
Yeah. Merry Christmas
to you. too. Go. Padres.
Something’s wrong.
He should definitely be here.
Look. he’s got plenty of time. We
can’t leave till it’s dark anyway.
I’m gonna check his house.
The house he just spent
all weekend booby-trapping like
he’s Wile E. fucking Coyote?
That house? You think
he’s gonna go back there?
Use your brain. man.
He’s my brother!
I’m well aware of that.
Take a half hour.
If he’s not there.
I’ll come back and we can go.
Andre.
Andre!
Don’t be a fucking idiot!
All right.
Okay. so you’re a prepper.
Ew.
Where the hell do you work?
What?
What is that?
What the fuck is that?
Why?
Okay. uh...
All right.
Whoa. Hmm.
No.
There you are.
Oh.
Come on! Really?
Crossbow under the sink.
Of course.
All right. whatever... Fuck it.
Okay. Okay.
Yes. Yes!
Yes.
Okay. I found you.
And now I’m gonna make
you wish you never...
Oh. my God!
What?
What the fuck?
Oh. fu...
Oh. phew. Big phew.
Okay. Um...
This better be you
calling from a hospital or a jail.
No. not quite. I’m at. uh.
402 North Tower
Lane in Cortez Hill.
I’m hanging upside-down and
I need you to come get me.
What the hell do you mean
you’re hanging upside-down?
I mean I’m currently suspended
in some kind of snare trap.
and if you don’t come
right now and cut me down.
then Sherry’s gonna die.
I’m probably gonna die.
Dude. you can’t put
that shit on me.
I’m not getting
involved in this.
You already are. okay?
Look. man. I’m sorry. I just...
I don’t know who else to call.
Maybe to you I’m just some random
guy you met on the Internet.
but to me. all that time we spent
together it actually meant something.
You’re...
You’re my only friend. Roscoe.
And right now.
I need you.
Oh. goddamn it!
Okay. look. it says
fifteen minutes.
but I’ll take the Harley and
be there in ten. all right?
Yes! Yes. thank you.
Thank you so much.
Yeah. yeah.
just hang in there.
Sorry. that wasn’t a pun.
I meant it sincerely.
No. no. it was
funny. It was funny.
Just please hurry. okay?
Yeah. okay. Bye.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. ten minutes.
Ten minutes.
I can make it ten
minutes. Okay.
Ben?
Oh. no.
You here. bro?
Hi.
Who the hell are you?
Uh. I’m... I’m just a thief.
You know. just
came here to. uh...
thieve.
Where’s my brother?
I’m sorry. your what?
Uh. look. man. look.
I don’t know anything
about anybody’s brother. I’m...
You know. I just randomly
picked this place and. uh.
well. apparently.
I picked wrong.
You know. most people
have the doorbell
with the camera. but
an indoor snare trap?
Egg on my face.
You don’t look like a thief.
Yeah. well.
the best of us rarely do. Hmm.
So you just picked this
place at random. huh?
Yeah. Yeah. just
my luck. Yeah?
Then why the fuck
do you have his address
on your fucking hand?
That’s such a good question.
And...
...the answer’s really
gonna blow your mind.
Yeah. you can go ahead and
take that if you need to.
Yeah?
Look. um...
Ben’s dead.
Just heard it over the scanner.
Who did it? Cops? Uh. no.
Apparently. it was just
some random Good Samaritan.
Skinny guy in a suit.
Look. um.
why don’t you just get back here
and we’ll figure it all out?
Did he seriously
just hang up on me?
Whoa. whoa. hey. hold on.
Hold on. Hey. Let’s
just talk about this.
You killed my brother!
Look. man. I. uh...
I did kill him.
And. look. I know that means
you’re gonna kill me. too.
but please just do me
a favor. okay? Just...
Just make it quick.
There’s no need
to draw this out.
I got a better idea.
Yes!
You know. when
I used to do this shit
back in special forces...
Mmm.
...it was always to try
and get some information.
Mm-hmm.
But all that matters now...
is the pain.
Think about that.
You understand pain?
Yeah... I hate it so much.
Oh. Oh! No! Stop it!
I mean. oh. fuck!
This is bad!
Goddamn it!
Oh. wow.
Oh. God. you sadistic fuck.
Oh.
No. not the pliers.
Please. not the pliers.
I can’t even imagine what
you’re gonna do with that.
Please. Oh!
This little piggy...
went to market.
God. I hate how you spend
so much time on this.
This little piggy...
Oh. boy.
This little piggy... Uh-huh?
...went wee. wee.
wee. wee. wee...
fucking all the way
home!
Oh. wow. that hurt!
That one hurt the most.
How you doing?
Terribly.
No! Please. no.
Whoa. all this sucks so bad.
Please don’t do that again.
What?
Where the
hell are you? We’re leaving
in thirty minutes. Get
your ass back here.
Yeah. yeah. I will wrap it up.
Now for my favorite part.
I’m gonna keep your eyes
in a jar on my mantel.
Oh. wait. don’t do
that. No. Uh. uh...
Actually. don’t do that.
Uh. hey. hey! Your brother...
Your brother told
me something...
before he died. He said. uh...
He said. um...
"Tell my brother I’m sorry."
"I’m sorry...
for that thing that
happened when we were kids."
And...
...he said. "Tell him...
Tell him that Mom and Dad
always loved you the most."
Bullshit.
We never met our dad.
Okay. I think maybe he
meant it metaphorically.
Wait. no! Please. please.
please. please don’t!
Roscoe?
No. it’s fucking Daft Punk.
Of course it’s me.
Thank God. I was...
Huh. What do you mean. "huh"?
Uh... No. I mean.
um... it’s just. uh...
Didn’t you say...
that you were six-foot-five
and that you looked
like Jason Momoa?
I said I kind of look
like Jason Momoa.
Right.
He’s just a very
specific-looking man.
How about you just say. "Thank
you for saving my life"?
You’re totally right.
Absolutely. Sorry.
Oh. hey. Thank you.
Okay.
Okay. that’s enough.
Look. go do whatever
you got to do
and please stay alive.
I need you to be physically able
to explain all this to the cops.
Okay... I will stay
alive. I promise.
You’re gonna have to
do better than that.
Oh!
Whoa!
Roscoe. get something!
Right! Oh. shit. Oh.
You
motherfuckers. Heads up!
Oh. shit! Sorry.
It’s fine. Just
get something else.
Fucker!
You bunch of...
Aw. shit. man!
Bear mace. Yeah. more. more!
Yeah. more.
Yeah. do you like
this?
Yeah. that’s right. bi...
Oh. goddamn it!
I’m gonna kill you!
Whoa!
I’m gonna fucking rip
your fucking head off!
Just... die!
Ah. okay.
Good thinking with the mace.
Yeah.
Jesus!
Hell of a way to go.Uh-huh.
What’d
you set a timer for?
Um. it was for your...
for your ETA or whatever.
I actually should pee. though.
Yeah.
Wait. what?
Who the fuck are
these guys. anyway?
No idea.
Huge Home Alonefans. apparently.
Hey. um...
thanks again for coming.
Yeah. well...
...what are friends for. right?
Yeah. man. That being said...
I will testify against
you if need be.
Yeah. no. no
worries. I assumed.
Oh. shit. It’s the cops.
Well. great.
Tell them everything.
Let them go save her.
No. no. no. They’re
not gonna listen to me.
They think I’m in on
this.
No. if I go out there. they’ll
bring me to the station.
And by the time I can convince
anybody to go after Sherry.
she’ll be dead.
Wait a minute.
I think I have an idea.
Your Harley... it’s still
parked out front. yeah?
Yeah.
Sort of.
What do you mean "sort of"?
Nathan Caine!
I need you to come out the
house with your hands up.
Look. don’t make this harder
than it has to be. okay?
This whole town’s going to shit
’cause the Chargers and
the Clippers betrayed us.
Really? Now?
Seriously. Broke
our heart for what?
To be second fiddle to
the Rams and the Lakers?
Freeze! Freeze!
Hey!
Freeze! Freeze! Hey.
stop! Stop! Shit.
Wait. what is he doing?
I don’t know.
Hands!
Let me see your hands! Hands!
Shit.
Who the hell is this guy?
Ha. ha. ha!
You’ve been deceived.
for I am not Nate!
Don’t care.
But
who you are is somebody...
who’s about to go to
jail. No. no. wait. wait!
I can help you! I can help
you! I know where Nate’s going.
Yeah? Start talking
then. Okay. okay.
but could we have a no-kicking
policy from this point on?
Where is he?
All right.
come on! Time to go!
Where is your jumpsuit?
I’m not doing this. Simon.
Not doing what?
It’s already done.
Can’t do it.
Oh. fuck off.
Since when did you grow a
conscience anyway?
I mean. what about all
the other jobs we’ve done?
We’ve killed
people before. No.
No. You’ve killed people
before. Simon. You.
Not me. I’m not like you.
The thing is...
you’re not a better
person than I am.
Not even a little bit.
’Cause you won’t
admit what you are.
You think all this fake remorse
is gonna save your soul? Hm?
It’s bullshit...
Simon.
...and you know it.
Drop the gun!
Oh. my God. Nate.
I’m not gonna ask you again.
Okay.
You okay. Sherry?
Um...
I’m sorry.
who the fuck are you?
I’m the guy that
killed your friends.
So if you don’t want
to wind up like them.
I suggest you let her go.
and you get the
hell out of here.
Oh. my God.
Oh. my fucking God.
Simon. don’t.
You’re the guy from
the bank. right?
Okay.
This is legitimately the funniest
thing that’s ever happened to me.
You’ve been tailing us
to try to save... Sherry.
Is that right?
Uh...
I hate to break it
to you. bud. but...
she’s my fucking sister.
She played you. man. Yeah.
You thought that
she had feelings for you.
Stop. don’t. Nate. I’m...
I’m so sorry. okay?
I never meant for
you to... to...
Look. everything that
happened between us.
I meant it. okay? It
was real. I swear.
Oh. what a load of
horseshit!
Look. man.
you’re pointing the gun at
the wrong bank robber. dude.
You should be shooting her.
So. now listen.
Why don’t you just get
out of here. man. Okay?
What are you doing?
Get yourself to the urgent care.
and just forget all about this.
Simon. stop it.
Get over it.
I’ll give it to you. bank boy.
You can take a punch.
Let’s see how you do...
...under a little pressure.
Perfect.
Simon. stop it!
It’s not
fucking funny. Stop it!
Stop!
What the hell you doing?
What are you doing?
Are you just gonna
crush his head?
Well. he started it!
Just go.
Honestly. just go!
Take the money and go!
I’m gonna stay with him.
You’re gonna
stay with that guy?
Yeah.
Sherry.
Come on!
I don’t even know you anymore.
Fine.
Hmm.
You won’t do it. Yeah?
You sure?
Mm-hmm.
You know what? You’re right.
You don’t know me anymore.
Got him! Moving in.
Hands! Hands up!
Get them on your head.
This one’s
cooked. Help this guy.
Damn. Vespa guy was right.
He’s pretty beat up.
Yeah. well. good thing
we’re here to save his ass.
You’re lucky that you
got such a good friend.
Little too chatty
for me. though.
Backup will be here in five.
They’re still stretched thin.
Does that mean I
can punch out now?
Wanda’s gonna start It’s a
Wonderful Life without me.
Yeah. we’ll just get the
elves to do your paperwork.
Mm-hmm. Wouldn’t that
be amazing if we had...
Hey. hey.
Show me where you’re
hurt.
You’re gonna be okay.
You just have to
get to a hospital.
I’m gonna take your
car and go after them.
Like hell! I’m not
giving you my keys.
Sorry.
Don’t worry...
...I’m gonna make sure...
You’re really gonna shoot me?
I should. asshole.
But I won’t. You’re
taking me with you.
Okay.
Uh. hey. hi. Uh. could someone
please tell me what’s going on?
Go. go. go! We’re gonna
lose him! Yeah. don’t worry.
I know where he’s going.
Where who’s going?
Oh. we’re on a high-speed
chase right now?
Fuck!
Oh. shit.
At this speed. you won’t be
able to make any adjustments.
and I don’t know
how you drive...
School
bus!
What the fuck?
You again?
Oh. Jesus Christ.
Stroller! Yo!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Jesus! Where’d you learn
to drive like this?
I used to boost cars.
What? I don’t anymore!
Oh. I might be dying.
but I’m gonna kill you first.
Oh. shit.
Fuck!
Oh. You fucking loser.
So where’s this son
of a bitch going?
He’s headed to Pier 7.
What for? There’s
a boat waiting.
It was gonna take us south.
Taxi! I
can see. thank you!
Hey. slow down! Stop! Stop!
You want to
know something funny?
If you’d have just
stayed in that bank.
Sherry would be right
here sitting next to me.
She’d be just fine.
But now?
Now...
I’m gonna hunt her ass down.
I promise you that.
Yeah. well...
if you do find Sherry...
I want you to tell her
something for me. okay?
Oh. God.
You are one sorry
son of a bitch.
You know that?
Yeah. I know. right?
It’s kind of my thing.
Listen. I want
you to tell her...
...that even though we didn’t
spend a lot of time together.
that I always felt like we...
could’ve gone...
What?
What’d you feel
like?
What was that?
I can’t fucking hear you.
You’re mumbling. Speak up!
Oh. sorry. I’ll try
to be a little more...
clear!
I like that you’re making
me earn it. bank boy.
but we got to wrap this up.
Let’s go.
What?
Fuck. I can’t.
I can’t.
I’m sorry. I have
to go. Wait. wait.
God. I hope I live
to regret this.
Take it.
That motherfucker
shot my partner.
Don’t miss.
And you. out! Oh. okay.
Get her to a hospital.
Sure. Yeah. Go.
Oh! God. that’s a
lot of blood. Huh.
At least it’s not a stick
shift. am I right?
Sorry. Bleeding
to death. Right.
Oh.
End of the line. bank boy.
You always did fight dirty.
Sherry!
Looks like I finally found a way
to make you feel something. huh?
It’s okay. I got you.
Hey. asshole.
Feel this.
Nate! Hey. Nate?
Nate. hey. Nate.
Hi. Hey...
Sherry...
I love you.
You’re really cool.
No. no. no. no!
No. Hey! Hey!
Nate. please.
Help! We’re over here! Please!
I’m so sorry.
Nate. I’m so sorry.
I’m here. I’m right here.
I’m not going
anywhere. I promise.
I’m sorry.
Hey. hey. hey.
There he is.
How you feeling. bud?
What happened?
Oof. Well. you’ve had
some major blood loss.
Oh. And a heart attack.
And a brain hemorrhage.
And third-degree burns.
And a lot of broken bones.
But you’re okay now!
It’s a
Christmas miracle.
It’s Christmas?
It’s actually January 11th.
You’ve been in a
medically induced coma.
But still...
...you’re alive!
Wait. Sherry. Is
she... is she okay?
Don’t worry. Sherry’s fine.
She’s okay.
Yeesh.
Oh. We meet again. Hey.
Hey! Look who’s up.
Yep.
You look... Um...
brave.
I’m glad you’re up
because I just came
from the courthouse.
You’re looking at some
pretty serious charges here.
Manslaughter.
breaking and entering.
grand theft auto.
Yeah. those...
Those sound really bad.
Yeah. they are.
There’s enough
here to lock you up
until you’re twice my age.
Uh-huh.
But you did save a cop’s life.
And you also had some pretty
persuasive character witnesses.
Also. you’re a white guy
who works for a bank. so...
the judge took it easy on you.
Six months house arrest.
Five years probation.
Get a lawyer to look at that.
but it’s a pretty good deal.
Oh.
Almost forgot the best part.
This is from Grace.
My daughter.
Take care. Nate.
Thank you. Detective.
Detective.
You’re look... Are you
looking at the hand?
Oh. the hand? Oh. you mean
your burnt-up. crisped-up hand?
Yeah. Yeah.
I mean. it’s... it’s
jarring. for sure.
Is it the worst part?
I just think they
shouldn’t have to
dress it up all sexy.
like in fishnets.
It’s a skin graft.
Look. I would get
a glove... Okay.
...personally. Yeah.
Prepare for pain.
This guy must
not know who he’s dealing with.
Okay. cast toxic cloud.
I’m equipping the blackstone
armor. I’m going in.
Oh. hey. you’re
coming on Saturday. right?
It’s a big birthday for me.
Yeah. man. Wait. it’s not...
it’s not at a biker bar. is it?
Aw. fuck
you.
Yeah. man. of course
I’m gonna be there.
Oh. Oh. shit!
Dude. just hold it for
a couple more minutes.
This guy’s almost dead.
No. dude. it’s not that.
I actually have to get
ready for that dinner.
Wow. You’re
ditching me to go on a date.
I know. I know. It’s
very cute and adorable.
and I will make this up to you
later. Goodbye. Wait. wait. wait...
Hey. uh...
I can’t believe it’s been a
year since our first date.
I am...
so happy I tried the pie.
Me too.
And. hey. you even
wore your tie.
Yeah. You noticed.
Yeah.
It took the dry cleaners a while
to get the blood stains out. but.
um... you know. they managed.
They did a good job.
Oh. wait. um...
Sorry. I almost forgot.
Oh. my God.
You finally figured
out the ending.
Felt kind of weird to have the
knight rescuing the damsel.
So I had them. you know.
kind of saving each other.
It’s perfect.
Hey!
Button that shirt up!
This ain’t no
conjugal visit. man.
Oh. sorry. No. this isn’t like
a sex thing. This is. uh...
Uh-huh?
Okay. yep. Got it.
And I know that’s not an
open flame I’m seeing.
Nope. It’s not.
Sorry.
Don’t play with me.
I’m not trying to
play with you. sir.
Just shh.
Is he new?
Uh. no. He’s intense.
Yeah. He’s really intense.
Yeah. they’re strict
here. It’s jail.
Inmate 241. time’s up.
That’s a tight 15
minutes. huh? Yeah.
At least we only have to put up
with it for another eight months.
Yeah. seven months. 19
days. but who’s counting?
Don’t
make me come over there!
You’re gonna get me in trouble.
I’m so sorry.
He’s so intense.
I know. I got to go. Okay.
I’ll. uh. see you soon...
Novocaine.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today